## Saturday 4/02 - 6:00p - 7:15p

Scribe: Zach

Present: Trevor, Zach, Josh, Kyle

Absent: Berto

Summary: Touched base on the status of the grading feature for different problem types and discussed possible workarounds for bugs that the backend is experiencing. Also discussed what content we could throw into the help and about pages

Action Items: Work on tasks

------
## Tuesday 3/29 - 3:00p - 3:20p

Scribe: Zach

Present: Zach, Berto, Trevor, Kyle

Absent: Josh

Summary: Touched base on sprint status, discussed tasks that we have left to complete for the sprint, etc.

Action Items: Work on tasks

------
## Sunday 3/20 - 11:15a - 1:15p

Scribe: Trevor

Present: Zach, Berto, Trevor

Absent: N/A

Summary: Group programming on front end tasks. Discussed UI components as well

Action Items: Work on tasks

------
## Thursday 3/17 - 3:00p - 3:45p

Scribe: Zach

Present: All

Absent: N/A

Summary: Finalized planning for sprint 3

Action Items: Work on tasks

------
## Tuesday 3/15 - 3:00p - 4:00p

Scribe: Zach

Present: All

Absent: N/A

Summary: Reviewed final tasks for sprint 2 and discussed plans for sprint 3 

Action Items: Work on tasks

------
## Thursday 3/10 - 3:00p - 4:00p

Scribe: Trevor

Present: All

Absent: N/A

Summary: Met with Henderson for review of our sprint, also met as a team separately to discuss new prioritization of tasks following feedback from Cortens.

Action Items: Work on tasks 

------
## Tuesday 3/08 - 12:30p - 1:40p

Scribe: Trevor and Zach

Present: All

Absent: N/A

Summary: Met with Dr. Cortens to show what we currently have and to get an update on his priorities for a completed product

Action Items: Review resources showing different problem types that we will need to implement. 

------
## Sunday 3/06 - 12:30p - 2:15p

Scribe: Trevor

Present: Kyle, Trevor, Josh, and Zach

Absent: Berto

Summary: Compared parser implementations and discussed integration of them. also discussed current status on some tasks and thngs we still need to get done

Action Items: Work on tasks

------
## Thursday 3/03 - 3:00p - 4:00p

Scribe: Trevor

Present: All

Absent: N/A

Summary: Planned sprint 2.

**Sprint goal: By the end of this sprint we are expecting to have our minimum viable product. This includes basic truth table problem generation with solution feedback. Students will be able to fill out a truth table and see the full solution to compare to their own. In addition, students should be able to access chapter questions that the professor adds. Styling should also be complete on a basic level, having at least minimal styling for every page on the site. Professor should also be able to easily add and delete questions to chapters.**

Action Items: Work on tasks

------
## Tuesday 3/01 - 3:30p - 4:20p

Scribe: Trevor

Present: All

Absent: N/A

Summary: Discussed possible sprint 2 tasks and had further discussion on format of data being passed from parser to front end. Talked about the possibility of the front end having to do some parsing. 

Action Items: Everyone think about possible tasks. Kyle email Cortens to set up meeting for end of this week or beginning of next 

------
## Sunday 2/27 - 11:45a - 12:15p

Scribe: Zach

Present: Josh and Zach

Absent: N/A

Summary: Discussion on design choices

Action Items: N/A

------
## Thursday 2/24 - 3:00p - 4:40p

Scribe: Trevor

Present: Trevor, Berto, Josh, Zach, Kyle

Absent: N/A

Summary: Further discussion on interaction between front end and parser. Also discussed formatting for how we want the columns printed on the table. 

Action Items: Everyone continue work on tasks, Kyle email Cortens to discuss his preference on table format

------
## Tuesday 2/22 - 3:00p - 3:45p

Scribe: Trevor

Present: Trevor, Berto, Josh, Zach

Absent: Kyle

Summary: Discussed current status of sprint tasks. Specifically talked about the interaction between the parser and the front end. 

Action Items: Continue working on tasks

------
## Wednesday 2/16 - 4:30p - 6:00p

Scribe: Josh

Present: Trevor, Berto, Josh, Zach

Absent: Kyle

Summary: Worked on planning sprint 1, assigned front end tasks.

Action Items: Trevor, Zach, and Berto - begin working on/researching tasks. Kyle and Josh - Create tasks to add to board 

**Sprint goal: By the end of this sprint, we should have the user interfaces complete for all pages of the application. Additionally, we should have some more advanced parser functionality. This means the ability to parse and separate a problem into sub groups based on the operators it contains. We should also have most of the error handling complete for all the input fields for a user. Lastly, we expect an admin user to be able to add/delete questions and chapters.**

------
## Tuesday 2/15 - 3:50p - 4:20p

Scribe: Kyle

Present: Trevor, Berto, Josh, Kyle

Absent: Zach

Summary: Discussed current status of sprint 0 tasks and possible tasks for sprint 1. We also discussed meeting times to plan sprint 1.

Action items: Zach and Kyle finish Sprint 0 tasks. Everyone else think about tasks for sprint 0. Also everyone submit BTC assignment if not already done.

------
## Sunday 2/13 - 12:30p - 1:45p

Scribe: Berto

Present: Trevor, Berto, Josh, Zach

Absent: N/A

Summary: Worked on front-end tasks and discussed UI design options.

Action items: Work on sprint tasks and think about sprint goal

------
## Thursday 2/10 - 3:30p - 4:30p

Scribe: Trevor

Present: Trevor, Berto, Josh, Zach

Absent: N/A

Summary: Assigned and worked on front-end tasks. Finalized sprint 0 plan

**Sprint goal: At the end of this sprint, we aim to have the basic layout and styling complete for the main page as well as the 'sandbox' page. Additionally, the input field should be properly reading in the question so that its information can be parsed for the front end to work with. At the end of this sprint, we should also have the first implementation of our parser which will be able to detect operators to give front-end more flexibility.**

Action items: Work on sprint tasks and think about sprint goal

------
## Tuesday 2/8 - 3:30p - 4:50p

Scribe: Trevor

Present: Trevor, Berto, Josh, Zach, Kyle

Summary: Created UI mockup and added some tasks to project board

Action items: Work on sprint tasks and think about sprint goal

------
## Monday 2/7 - 8:45p - 9:00p

Scribe: Kyle

Present: Trevor, Berto, Josh, Zach, Kyle

Summary: Finalized project plan and submitted

Action items: None

------
## Friday 2/4 - 7p - 8:30p

Scribe: Berto

Present: Trevor, Berto, Josh, Zach, Kyle

Absent: N/A

Summary: Worked on final draft of project plan.

Action items: Everyone look over the plan throughout the weekend and add any touches as seen fit.

------

## Tuesday 2/1 - 3:50p - 4:30p

Scribe: Josh

Present: Trevor, Berto, Josh

Absent: Zach, Kyle

Summary: Discussed requirements for CI/CD pipelines and worked on them.

Action items: Zach and Kyle work on UI mockup, Trevor research and practice with Thyme Leaf to help with front end. Josh work on CI/CD pipelines.

------

## Thursday 1/27 - 6:00p - 7:00p

Scribe: Trevor

Present: Trevor, Kyle, Berto, Josh

Absent: Zach

Summary: Worked on the Team Contract. Reached agreement among group members that attended. Zach was not able to attend due to illness, he looked over the contract the next day and approved.

Action items: Make sure Zach approves contract. Everyone complete their portions of the project setup.

------

## Tuesday 1/25 - 12:30p - 1:45p

Scribe: Trevor/Zach

Attendees: Trevor, Kyle, Berto, Josh, Zach

Absent: N/A

Summary: First sponsor meeting. Discussed several questions we had with Dr. Cortens and acquired a general idea of what he was looking for. Also set our reasonable goals as well as our stretch goals.

Action items: Trevor and Berto - research into license an decide on one. Everyone else - make sure project plan draft was good to go.

------

## Sunday 1/23 - 3:00p - 4:30p

Scribe: Zach

Attendees: Trevor, Kyle, Berto, Josh, Zach

Absent: N/A

Summary: Worked on the project plan draft. Finished the draft in this meeting and also discussed overall objectives and ideas for this project.

Action items: Josh - start working with Spring Boot to create basic application mockup. Berto - look into Spring Boot and Thyme Leaf. Zach - also investigate Spring Boot and Thyme Leaf
